El Correo Libre Issue 67 (#34)
fossi-foundation/fossi-foundation-web: content/blog/2023-10-10-ecl67/index.md

  
To prove the concept, Hoover set about using Claude to complete the Building a RISC-V CPU Core course he created in partnership with RISC-V International and the Linux Foundation. "With enough tweaking and guidance, Claude successfully built its RISC-V CPU core in TL-Verilog," Hoover reports.  
  
"Specifically, this CPU is an RV32I core with a few details missing, like CSR registers and byte-granular memory access. The course includes about a hundred steps to be performed by the student, and these were presented to Claude in 59 messages, basically ending a message each time Claude needed to write code. Nearly 80% of the time, Claude's code was correct. Of the incorrect answers, Claude was able to correct its mistake about half of the time when given information from Makerchip such as compiler errors. For the remainder, a carefully crafted hint from me was enough."  
  
The full experimental write-up is available [in Hoover's LinkedIn post](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/claude-ai-codes-risc-v-core-tl-verilog-steve-hoover/?trackingId=ywqPHhxRTxmLgPKfFHqiZA%3D%3D).

<img src="ecl-logo-small.jpg" style="max-width:100%" />

> **Have feedback or news for inclusion in a future newsletter? Please send this to [ecl@librecores.org](mailto:ecl@librecores.org)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Have feedback or news for inclusion in a future newsletter? Please send this to [ecl@fossi-foundation.org](mailto:ecl@fossi-foundation.org)**.
```

Author: Done, committed as ff2d4eab9bef4f8b96333e72e869ea5e127866c3.

Reviewer: Thanks!
